[For discussion] Streamlining documentation (#682)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/introduction.md

# Welcome to the Strapi v4 developer documentation!

This documentation contains all technical documentation related to the setup, deployment, update and customization of a Strapi application.

::: strapi Can't wait to start using Strapi?
You can directly head to the [Quick Start](quick-start.md)! <br> If demos are more your thing, we have a [video demo](https://youtu.be/zd0_S_FPzKg), or you can request a [live demo](https://strapi.io/demo)!
:::

> The original purpose of the project was to help Boot**strap** an **API**: that's how Strapi was created. Now, Strapi is an open-source headless CMS that gives developers the freedom to choose their favorite tools and frameworks and allows editors to manage and distribute their content using their application's admin panel. Based on a plugin system, Strapi is a flexible CMS whose admin panel and API are extensible – and every part of which is customizable to match any use case. Strapi also has a built-in user system that allows to create fine-grained access controls for administrators as well as end users.

Reviewer: This isn't true of end users, the admin RBAC system is more complex and offers more control then the current end users system.

This new sentence will cause more confusion then the current one does.

Author: OK, this is a case where I do not have enough technical insight. I would nevertheless vote for a nicer formulation...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original purpose of the project was to help Boot**strap** your **API**: that's how Strapi was created. Now, Strapi is an open-source headless CMS that gives developers the freedom to choose their favorite tools and frameworks and allows editors to manage and distribute their content using their application's admin panel. Based on a plugin system, Strapi is a flexible CMS whose admin panel and API are extensible - and which every part is customizable to match any use case. Strapi also has a built-in user system to manage, in detail, what the administrators and end users have access to.
```

This probably needs more work once we finally stop installing the users-permissions plugin by default. for now I just added a sentence break but outside of that I don't think it needs anything else.

## Open-source & Contribution

Strapi is an open-source project (see [LICENSE](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more information). The core project as well as the documentation and any related tool can be found in the [Strapi](https://github.com/strapi) GitHub organization.

As it goes hand in hand with the open-source ecosystem, Strapi is open to contributions. The Strapi team appreciates every contribution, be it a feature request, bug report, or pull request. The following GitHub repositories are open-source and contribution-friendly:

> - [`strapi/strapi`](https://github.com/strapi/strapi): the main repository of Strapi, which contains the core of the project. You can find the admin panel, core plugins, plugin providers, and the complete code that runs your Strapi application. Please read the [Contribute to Strapi](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for more information about contributing to the main repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`strapi/strapi`](https://github.com/strapi/strapi): the main repository of Strapi, which contains the core of the project. You can find the admin panel, core plugins, plugin providers, and the complete code that runs your Strapi application. Please read the [contributing](https://github.com/strapi/strapi/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for more information about contributing to the main repository.

Author: "contributing [...] contributing" (see below)

> - [`strapi/documentation`](https://github.com/strapi/documentation): the complete documentation of Strapi. Please read the [Contribute to the Strapi documentation](https://github.com/strapi/documentation/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for more information about contributing to the Strapi documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`strapi/documentation`](https://github.com/strapi/documentation): the complete documentation of Strapi. Please read the [contributing](https://github.com/strapi/documentation/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for more information about contributing to the Strapi documentation.

Author: Having "contributing [...] contributing" twice in one sentence is just bad style (in every language). (And why is "Please read the [Contribute to Strapi]" not reverted?)

Reviewer: Personally I'd rather keep the file name to be honest since it's referencing a specific file in each GitHub repo. But other than that, as a native english speaker, the sentence structure in my suggestion is correct. It has more flow then the break your original change suggested.

- [`strapi/design-system`](https://github.com/strapi/design-system): the design system that is used in the admin panel. It establishes consistency among the various admin plugins.
- [`strapi/strapi-docker`](https://github.com/strapi/strapi-docker): the code used to generate the official Docker images for Strapi (available through our [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/strapi/strapi)).

> - [`strapi/awesome-strapi`](https://github.com/strapi/awesome-strapi): all plugins managed by the core team as well as contributions built by the community. It is used as a central place to find and submit new packages such as plugins, middlewares, hooks, and general enhancements to the core of Strapi.

Reviewer: This one will be handed off soon to an external org so it's gonna be deleted from here and the community org will take it's place https://github.com/strapi/awesome-strapi/pull/57

## Strapi Community

Strapi is a community-oriented project with an emphasis on transparency. The Strapi team has at heart to share their vision and build the future of Strapi with the Strapi community. This is why the [roadmap](https://portal.productboard.com/strapi) is open: as all insights are very important and help steer the project in the right direction, any community member is most welcome to share ideas and opinions there.

Community members also take great part in providing the a plethora of resources about Strapi. You can find [tutorials](https://strapi.io/tutorials/) on the Strapi website, where you can even create your own. Also, as an open-source project, the technical documentation of Strapi is open to contributions (see [Open-source & Contribution](#open-source-contribution)).

::: strapi Want to join the community?

> You can join [GitHub](https://github.com/strapi/strapi), the [Forum](https://forum.strapi.io/), and the [Discord](https://discord.strapi.io) to share your ideas and opinions with other community members and members of the Strapi team. If you are looking for news and updates about Strapi, [Twitter](https://twitter.com/strapijs) and the [blog](https://strapi.io/blog) are pretty good places to start!

Reviewer: this is just a standard contraction, either work and there is no correct form on this. `you're` and `you are` is the exact same thing.

Author: This is an example representative for a bigger problem, for which you yourself provide an example in the previous comment: "[...] the community org will take it's place" should be "[...] the community org will take its place" ("its" without apostrophe).
Other examples are situations where words should just be plural forms instead of "form's" or where there is no real possessive form fiven (like "tennis shoes", "sport cars", "Archilles heel" ...)
There are teams out there who decided to therefore not use contractions. It forces writers to pay more attention to this detail.
But of course that also would mean that examples like this one would also have to be rewritten, even though they are totally fine. 
Not sure, how strict the Strapi guidelines are, but I wanted to point out the potential problem.

Reviewer: For sure if there are bugs in the usage of contractions then they need to be fixed but that shouldn't mean removing all contractions all together, that just seems heavy handed.

Usage of contractions is a natural way of writing and isn't generally "forbidden" in technical writing that I'm aware of (given I'm not a technical writer, but am a native english speaker. It's my one and only language :sweat_smile: )

Reviewer 2: We do try to avoid contractions but if there are some in the documentation it’s still fine, it’s not an absolute technical writing rule honestly and it's quite complicated to fix all contractions everywhere in the Strapi documentations.
Regarding the other examples you mentioned, those are probably typos - feel free to fix them through other contributions, they're always most welcome 😄

:::

## Support

> Strapi is open-source and free and is therefore ideal for self-hosting, if a user wishes to do so. When having an issue or a question, the [forum](https://forum.strapi.io) is a great place to reach out for help. Both the Strapi community and core developers often check this platform and answer posts. [Stackoverflow](https://www.stackoverflow.com/) is another good place for getting answers to problems, too.

Author: I actually like it that you decided to not mention stackoverflow...

> Strapi is open-source and free and is therefore ideal for self-hosting, if a user wishes to do so. When having an issue or a question, the [forum](https://forum.strapi.io) is a great place to reach out for help. Both the Strapi community and core developers often check this platform and answer posts. [Stackoverflow](https://www.stackoverflow.com/) is another good place for getting answers to problems, too.

Reviewer 2: Words like “ideal” and “great” should be avoided in technical writing because the documentation is mostly there to state facts about Strapi as a company and product. We’re not doing any kind of marketing communication, that’s why we try to stick to a neutral tone of voice and choice of words. Could you try to rephrase that sentence again? Otherwise we can keep the original version.
